# Bluefire Universe

## Description

Humanity has brought along many great technological and scientific advances and an ethical shift is about to take place. What if human's continually increasing dominance over the world were to awaken an otherworldly force ready to challenge them? Discover what it means to be human, what future we're heading in and what has been lurking underneath our feet for thousands of years.

## Prologue

The year is 20XX. Europe has come together to form one country called "the United Union of Europe", also simply called "Europe", with the countries that previously made up the continent now as its states. People worry about the increasing tension between the east and the west, but soon they will come to find they have something far greater to worry about.

## Chapter 1

### Episode 1: Unfortunate Circumstances
Some things are too specific to be coincidental.

A student's life isn't cheap. That's why Blue chose to live together with another student, Jesse, despite feeling uncomfortable around strangers. He figured the holiday break would give him enough time to get to know him.

The building in which all rooms were situated had a modern, angular look to it - neither cosy or welcoming. He made certain to have his key card handy and entered the building, walking to where he needed to be with his suitcase at a steady pace. The friendly receptionist who was busy helping someone at the counter waved at him. He responded with a hand gesture to let her know he noticed her. After he swiped his key card across the scanner, the lift opened up as if it had something grandiose to reveal, but the only thing of notice was the food scraps on the floor. As he tried to walk in, the suitcase's wheels got stuck on the threshold, freeing them by jerking the handle towards him. He pressed the mushy button that sent the lift flying to the correct floor. Once there, the doors opened up to actually unveil something, or rather, someone, though still far from grandiose: a slender man who smiled at him. Blue put up his best pretend-smile and proceeded to disregard him. He walked up to his room for the very first time and saw somebody left it slightly open. Worried ever so slightly, he gradually approached. He peeked inside and saw someone about his own age. He figured it must be his roommate. He pushed the door further open, which made a squeaking sound the stranger noticed. The gap was now just large enough for him to fit through. He turned around and greeted him: "Hey! You must be Blue, right?". Even though he was asking a question, his confidence was admirable and in sharp contrast with the awkwardness Blue felt. He nodded his head and proceeded to stumble further into the room awkwardly. He held out his hand, ready to shake the stranger's. "I still don't know your name," Blue asked with a fabricated sense of excitement and a hint of unease. "Jesse, nice to meet you!", the other boldly proclaimed.

His eyes no longer fixated on Jesse, Blue scanned his surroundings. The furniture looked modern but lacked the jaggedness of the building. The floor was, surprisingly, made out of wood, which made the room feel snug. Other than two beds, a wall clock, a coat rack, a wardrobe and a large table (which, he presumed, had to function as both a desk and dining table), a door leading to the bathroom and a basic kitchen, the room looked relatively barren. Blue noticed the silence creeping upon him. "What are you studying?" he asked, not being able to find a more interesting topic to talk about. Surprised by Blue's initiative, he responded: "Genetics, you?". "Computer science", he replied, as he unpacked his laptop. "Have you met any other people?" Jesse urged, to which Blue shook his head. "Except the receptionist and that guy I came across while walking up to this room," he laughed, "you have a funny accent, though I can't quite place it. Where are you from?" The look in Jesse's eyes told Blue that he wasn't the first one to ask that question. "I recently migrated from the UK over to this state." "State", Blue noted, "not too long ago it was still considered a country. People used to speak mostly Dutch here. Lucky for you, that isn't the case any longer." Out of eagerness, Jesse asked: "Well, can you speak Dutch?" Blue was looking for a tongue-in-cheek answer but eventually settled on "zeker weten", Jesse assuming he said he can. As the conversation ended, Blue proceeded to continue to unpack his stuff until Jesse spoke up. "Shall we call it a day? I need to get up early tomorrow." Blue got his phone and looked a the time. He nodded and, eventually, both got to bed. Blue saw Jesse still playing around on his phone, giggling every now and then. "Chatting with someone?" he asked. "Anna, one of the students here. She lives opposite our room. I think she really likes me." Blue rolled his eyes. "Sure thing, macho." At last, Jesse put it phone away and covered himself in blankets. Unlike Jesse, Blue wasn't quite ready to go sleep Throughout the day, he had experienced a feeling of someone trying to reach him. This could only mean one thing.

*Blue closed his eyes. As he began initiating contact, he started hearing sounds reverberating in his head, which eventually amplified and gradually started forming some kind of speech. In the dark abyss in front of him, he saw a silhouette. The voice he heard sounded like an animal growling, seemingly incomprehensible, yet he knew precisely what it meant. "How are you doing up there?" the stranger asked. Blue replied with a hint of excitement: "Pretty well!" He heard the other weakly laughing, which made Blue smile, but only slightly. The shadowy figure remained silent, though it seemed to move. Its outlining was too blurry to make out what exactly it was trying to convey. "Did the shortage worsen?" he asked softly when it took him too long for the other to respond. "At an even more rapid pace since last time we talked. People are panicking and steal from others merely to provide for their families. Anarchy is on the rise", the figure in the dark surmised. Was he being overly dramatic here? He certainly hoped it wasn't as bad as he made it out to be. "The reason I wanted to talk to you is to let you know it won't be long before we're forced to do the inevitable. People are trying to escape to the surface as we speak. We can't keep everybody in for much longer, we simply don't have the resources." The two came to a moment of quietness. "Alright, then," he replied. When Blue was about to say goodbye, the voice suddenly had one more thing to say: "Are you absolutely sure you're not... suffering... up there?" His disbelief caught Blue by surprise. "I'm doing fine, really," Blue insisted. After saying farewell to one another, he opened his eyes.*

Blue quietly got up, ingested one of the sleeping pills he brought with him and got back to bed without waking up Jesse.

### Episode 2: Morning Routine
Days repeat themselves, but never quite the same way.

Jesse had already been long wake as Blue woke up. The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was Jesse drinking coffee. "Would you like some coffee too, sleepyhead?" Slightly annoyed, he answered: "I'd rather have tea". "Fine," he said and walked up to the cupboard in the kitchen to look for tea bags. Blue wriggled himself out of bed and sat down at the large table, serving as the dining table this time around. Jesse walked up from the kitchen with a mug in his hand and joined him. "I hope you like peach," he said as he passed it on. "Don't worry, most supermarket tea tastes the same anyways," he grinned. Jesse looked as Blue placed the edge of the mug against his lips. The tea was steaming, way too hot to drink, yet when Blue took a big gulp he didn't even flinch. Jesse was aghast, "how did you do that?" to which Blue only gave him back a funny, confused look. "That tea is way too hot to drink!" He shrugged, "oh, well, I guess I'll wait for it to cool down". Jesse was amazed, shocked and out of words to say. "I think I'll go put on some clothes. The tea should've cooled down a bit when I'm done." He got up, grabbed himself a pile of clothes and went to the bathroom. Now, Jesse sat there, all alone, wondering how he just did that. The mug sat on the table, steam rising from it just like it did a minute ago. Jesse looked around to see whether Blue was really gone. After he confirmed this to be the case, he grabbed the mug and tried to take a big gulp, just like Blue did, but he quickly baulked when he felt the hot tea burning his tongue, causing him to spill some of the tea on the table. He put down the mug and ran to the kitchen to quickly get himself a dishcloth to clean up the mess. As he began wiping the table, Blue left the bathroom and looked at him funny. Jesse stumbled as he thought of a lie. "I, uh, spilt some of my coffee." Blue nodded and proceeded to sit down at the table. When he looked at his tea, he noticed that his mug wasn't as full as it was before. He ignored it and drank some more of it. Jesse was relieved but tried to not let him notice. He saw Blue swallowing the last bits of his tea. "I'm going to see my dad again today. Were it not for yesterday, it would've been a month or three since I last saw him." Blue smiled, "good thing you're taking care of your dad." Blue put the mug on the table with a swoop. "After brushing my teeth I'll be out the door," Jesse said as he got up and walked to the bathroom. As he got here, he noticed only his own toothbrush, not Blue's. He figured he still had to unpack that. He grabbed the toothpaste tube, squeezed some of it onto his toothbrush and started brushing his teeth until, suddenly, he heard Blue say something: "Sorry, I have to go now, I lost track of time". He wondered what he could be late for, but before he had the chance to say anything, he heard the door squeaking and closing. He spat out his toothpaste and left the bathroom. He looked around, but as he expected, no one was to be seen. He looked at the clock on the wall and saw that if he didn't leave soon, he would arrive late with his father. He proceeded to finish his morning routine after which he went out the door.

### Episode 3: Rocket Science
You never know when life is about to take an unexpected turn.

It was only on the train he noticed Blue had sent him a message.

*Will be home late afternoon. Let me know if you need anything.*

While he didn't at first, he realised he never gave Blue his phone number, username or any of the likes. It didn't matter enough to upset him and added him to his contact list. Besides, the train was about to arrive at the station he needed to be. As the train stopped and the doors opened, he held his phone against the scanner to check out. From here, he was only a short walk away from reaching his father's residence. He left the station and got onto the streets.

Not much later, he saw the white-painted house he needed to be in the distance. Memories from having it visited once or twice came up as hazy déjà vus. His parents had been divorced ever since he was little, after which they no longer liked seeing each other. As such, living with his mum meant he wouldn't get to see dad very often, especially since he moved away. Going to university in the Netherlands was not only an educational opportunity, but it was also an opportunity to establish a proper relationship with his father and get to know each other better - finally. He approached the door and pressed in on the doorbell with some force. It felt as if he was about to meet a vague acquaintance, a feeling that was strange to have in the context of seeing one of your parents. He did a few steps back. Before long, a slender man who smiled at him opened the door. It was his dad. "Good to see you again!" "You too," he smiled back.

With a swing, he flung the door wide open. This, in a way, felt quite welcoming to Jesse, though he felt pity for the mistreated door. The man made a hand gesture indicating that he may come in. As he walked across the hallway, he saw pictures hanging on the wall of when he was little. It reminded him that he wasn't any man, it's his actual father, Albert, with the only reason him being happy is seeing him, just him. An enthusiastic voice interrupted his thoughts: "come, sit down in the living room!" it said with enthusiasm. He entered the living room. The first thing he saw were two smaller couches with a coffee table in-between. and a few moments later he hit the couch as if he was home alone. He soon realised, however, he was now sitting eye-to-eye with his father and quickly sat up straight. His father stared at him, seemingly in awe. At last, he snapped out of it: "I'll get myself some coffee. Would you like some too?" "Yes, please." As his father walked up to the kitchen, he got up to get a better look of the room. He noticed a desk prominently taking up space. It looked a bit out of place, a juxtaposition with the other furniture. He wanted to take a closer look but when he walked up to it he heard Albert: "coffee's ready!" He turned around and sat down with his father. He noticed his son took an interest in his desk. Jesse waited for the coffee he put on the table to cool down. "I'm quite busy at work, which is why I moved the desk to the living room." "Huh," Jesse said and out of politeness he asked: "what are you currently doing at work?" It was a difficult question for Albert to properly answer as he was under a non-disclosure agreement from the company he worked at. "I really, really wish I could tell you more because it's pretty amazing, but I'm contractually not allowed to." This, however, made Jesse legitimately interested. "There must be something you can tell", he entreated, "anything". Albert laughed, "you're going to get me in a lot of trouble!" Albert wanted to avoid the question, but he couldn't withstand his son starting at him with his young bright eyes. "Alright, this much I can tell..." He interrupted himself because he doubted what he was going to say. "We're improving people's quality of life through new means. Everyone does what they're best at. My field is genetics, about what you expect," he grinned. "What's the company called?" "Live Genetics, it's a massive company though it isn't widely known." "You must have a top-tier position if it's called after your profession". Albert smiled, "you could say that. Our biggest business is growing bacteria that produce substances used in the food and medical industry, but that's far from all we do. We invest a lot in research and development too." "Maybe, once I'm done studying, we could become colleagues!" he joked. Albert laughed, but his face quickly turned sour and Jesse noticed. "Is there something wrong?" "There's something I need to tell you, but first, let's enjoy our coffees before they're cold."

## Chapter 2

### Episode 1: God is Moribund
Every day, we stray further from something that may no longer be there.

*With his eyes closed, there he was, in the middle of a conversation with that figure again. The imposing figure paused for a moment, "does any human know about you?" to which Blue answered with a clear and direct "no". "It might be time to start making friends. Not doing so might work against you." Blue made a contemptuous noise, for all this time he had been guarding a secret he was now asked to simply give up. "Tell it to someone you can take advantage of and can find out what the government's plans are. Who knows what those humans are up to." Blue entreated: "Speaking of humans, have you convinced everybody of the people up here? How they're not as bad as everyone says them to be?" The other groaned: "far from everybody." The figure moved closer towards him. "Stay safe," it said, before turning into a puff of smoke.*

Blue opened his eyes. He was sitting on the bench in a park close to the computer repair shop he worked at. His shift had ended merely half an hour ago. He looked at the people walking past them and assumed they thought he was sleeping whilst he had his conversation. In a big city, parks like these were the only places with little nature left, where he could escape to and find some rest during the day. That rest, however, was suddenly interrupted by a message on his phone.

*Could you please come home? It's urgent.*

It came from Jesse. He looked at the sunset, at least, whatever of it wasn't obscured by the tall buildings. "Fine," he told himself as he grabbed his bag and exited the park. He crossed the street and walked up to the car he had parked in front of the supermarket, the only free parking spot around here. He grabbed his phone and held it against the handle to unlock the door and go sit behind the wheel.

Jesse sat on his bed in his room, trying to cope with what his father said to him. He felt sad and empty inside. Angry he was too, but he didn't know who to direct it towards. He looked one more time on his phone. He saw Blue had read his message, but he didn't respond. Beforehand, he had messaged his many friends too, but all of them were unavailable. Even his own girlfriend said she had better things to do. That moment, he felt so incredibly, so awfully alone - unwanted and shoved away. Was he crying? Yes, he was, softly but surely. He quietened when he heard someone walk up to the room's door. It was Blue who opened it. Without taking a good look at Jesse, he asked rather casually "what's up?" as he hung his coat. He turned around. Now, Blue and Jesse looked eye-to-eye. He noticed tears rolling down his face and wasn't sure how to respond. He sat beside him. "What happened?", he asked. It took Jesse a while to answer. "I didn't think you would come. I'm so immensely grateful you did." Blue rubbed Jesse's back trying to comfort him. "Take your time. We have the whole evening." "Well, uhm, so, ehm, my dad," Jesse babbled, "well, he..." "Let's start from the beginning," Blue said in a comforting voice. "Well..."

Today, I went to visit my dad. His name is Albert. Ever since my parents divorced, he has lived here in the Netherlands for his job. Since I lived in the UK, and because my mother wouldn't let me, I barely got to see him for my entire life up until now. It took a while, but my mother finally gave me his phone number. As old-fashioned as it may be, I called him up, just to actually talk to him, and for him to actually talk back to me. We exchanged bits and pieces told him where I was studying, and eventually, he showed up at my door. We had a pleasant conversation, so pleasant in fact that when it was time to say goodbye, I didn't really want to. Right before he left, right then and there, we agreed I would visit him today. Then, he left, and nearly right thereafter we met.

"That slender man," so Blue thought. He remembered him. He did not expect him to be his dad, though looking back at it, the man had some features in common with Jesse.

I decided that today was my turn to visit him instead. He let me in, we talked and drunk some coffee. Just like last time, it felt nice being around him. His presence, in a way, fills a gap I didn't think I had, the loss of a father figure. I started warming up to the idea to see him more often. Then, my dreams were shattered.

By the looks of it, Jesse became a little bit emotional. To comfort him even more, Blue moved over a little closer to him. He was surprised he trusted him enough to tell what is arguably a hard topic for him, for they only met yesterday.

We sat opposite each other. Then, suddenly, he got up to sit right next to me. He laid his hand on my left leg. "I'm dying," he said clearly. It sent a chill down my spine. I was frozen in place. A genetic illness, he said it was, is deteriorating him from the inside out until all that's left is misery.

Jesse shed a tear.

All I wanted was to finally be with him, to recoup the time we have lost. He has a few weeks left, after which he may not even find rest but will be crippling in a hospital bed instead for a few more weeks to come.

"All I want it to be with him," Jesse repeated several times. What Jesse felt was rather unfamiliar to Blue and he knew that he couldn't possibly know what it's like to be in his shoes right now. Regardless, he tried his best to feel sympathy. "Maybe you should just forget him for now." His words sounded eerie and cold to Jesse. "You expect me to just forget about him?" He wanted to make him something very clear, and to do so, he addressed him by name. "Blue, he is my dad for crying out loud. He gave me my life. The very fact I am here right now I owe to him, a debt I will never be able to pay back." Blue sighed, "I meant that thinking about your dad will likely do you more harm than good." His words, they annoyed Jesse immensely. "You can talk easy. Your parents are happily married and healthy." "Trust me, my life hasn't been a slouch either." Calmly, he sat there, and Jesse couldn't stand it. He stood up. "Arrogant, that's what you are. An arrogant prick who forgot to care about other people." Blue sighed, loudly and clearly, and said: "maybe you should calm down", but his words seemed to have the opposite effect. "You don't even care about me. This morning, you walked out the door without even properly saying goodbye to me. You just really don't care." Blue grew increasingly tired of the conversation. Jesse stood there, looking at him dead on, but he didn't let that bother him. He got up to grab his laptop and sat down at the desk. Jesse watched as he opened up the laptop's lid and booted up a video game. Jesse couldn't bear the sight of a silly game taking precedence over himself. With frustration that became increasingly harder to contain, he approached Blue in great strides and pushed the laptop's lid all the way down. Blue looked at him rather annoyed before he lifted the lid again. Jesse closed the lid again with increased aggressiveness. Blue stood up and looked at him menacingly with his intimidating deep blue eyes. "Go fuck yourself," Jesse exclaimed as he began walking to the room's door. He left, after which he slammed the door behind him.

### Episode 2: Living the Social Life
You should accept change when you are clearly in the wrong.

Jesse absolutely did not feel like spending the night with Blue. His first instinct was to go to Anna. She knocked on her door. She opened!

"Oh, hello Jesse. What is it?" she said with her innocent, angelic voice. Her physiognomy - so expressive, tender and delicate - was astonishing. Not only that, she was dressed lovely too. Jesse blushed: "I'm so sorry for interrupting your evening." A sweet smile showed on her face: "No worries, I love visitors!" "Well, I wanted you to ask whether I could..." Somebody shouting with a foreign from within her room interrupted him: "Somebody at the door?" Anna shouted back a concise "yes". From around the corner, he revealed himself and walked up to the door. He was tall, tanned and strong. He stood behind her and surrounded her with his muscular arms. Anna giggled: "Jesse, this is Agmed, my boyfriend." He  continuing to enclasp Anna as if it was his possession. To top things off, he bent forward, off to the side a little, and gave her a kiss on the cheek. She giggled. Jesse tried to sound pleased to meet him: "Nice to meet you Agmed. I'm Jesse." He got no response. Jesse was broken. The girl he wanted to form a blossoming relationship with, taken away by a macho.  Anna snapped Jesse out of his thoughts: "What was it you wanted to ask?" "I, ergh, just wanted to say hi. That's all." A little weird to knock on the door for, so thought Anna, but she went with it: "Alright then, thanks for coming." "Goodbye," Jesse replied. "Bye bye!" The door was pushed close.

He got his phone out of his pocket and scrolled through his list of contacts. Skipping over Anna and Blue, it was Bryce who popped up on the screen. He lived just around the corner. It was only moments later he knocked on his door. It was he himself who opened the door. Jesse tried his best to hide his emotions.

"Hey, Jesse!" he shouted and almost tripped. "What nice of you to... v-visit me!" He looked drunk, just like the last time he saw him. He heard people coming downstairs. They were two younger girls, one with blonde hair and freckles, the other had dark hair and pale skin who walked up to Bryce shoulder to shoulder. They now stood behind him. "Bryce!" the left girl sung with a melodic voice, "you promised us to give a massage, don't you forget!". "And don't forget about the fun basket," the other mumbled into his ear. Bryce apologised: "Unfortunately, I already planned something, sorry... for l-letting you down!" He laughed in an effort to release the tension a little, but the way he did so only made Jesse notice how drunk he really was. "Goodbye and thanks for coming!" he would have likely said, but the girls shut down the door while he was in the midst of his sentence.

He looked through his contacts again, this time starting from the bottom. It was only then he realised he could go visit Grey. He had attempted to be friends other students, amongst which of them was Jesse, but he had always dismissed him. He was known as 'the loner', a living example of the nerdy stereotype who seemed desperate for anyone to socialise with. If anyone, he would be the last that would be occupied by someone else, rather his computer tonight. He figured the chances to stay over at his room were much greater. He knocked on the door and heard someone frantically walking, almost running to the door. It opened and Grey was there to greet him. "Hello!" he said, restrained yet still noticeably excited. "Come on in!" he said immediately after. It was a small room. He presumably didn't need much space as he lived just by himself. His computer was on, running a game. "Do you play Perkament?" he asked. Jesse shook his head. "We could play together! I'll get you another laptop soon, but first, I'd like to finish this online match." He sat down. Jesse walked over to him and looked over him, staring at the screen. "What's it about?" "Well, to put it simply, in most cases you play as an explorer wandering in dungeons looking for treasure. If you're not, you are the dungeon master, in which case you'll for example decide the layout of the dungeon and place enemies. At the end of each dungeon, there's an epic boss fight; all explorers versus the dungeon master, a powerful beast guarding the treasure." "That," he paused, "actually sounds interesting." He looked at how Grey was slashing away at enemies. "Who are you playing with?" he asked out of interest. "Mostly people I met online. SuperNiels, M@gnus, Luke11 and Blue." "Blue," Jesse noticed. "Yeah, Blue's actually a student of our university. Do you know him?" He realised Blue has a keen interest in computers too. They likely both do the same study and met each other there. Out of everyone he could have been, it had to be him he was playing with. He looked at Grey's smile, not because he was with him but because he was playing a computer game, probably also the case for Blue. For a while, Jesse stood there, watching Grey play. At first, it made him angry, but it quickly turned into an emptiness. An emptiness he felt because, though he was in a community with many people, nobody really cared about him.

"I just realised I still have some work to do. I have to go," Jesse made up. Grey's smile slowly waned. "The match is over, I can get you another laptop right now. Stay for a match, please, I would love to show you the game!" "No thanks," he said as he walked to the door.

He left the apartment block, walked through the lobby to finally be met with the outside. It felt the cold nigth breeze in his face, his body shivering, but the fresh air was necessary for him to think. Time is what he needed. He thought about sleeping outside, but realised how stupid it was. He sat down on the floor on the wall as if he were wasted. Thinking, thinking deeper is what he did.

### Episode 2: Text Book Emotion
Small things can have huge outcomes.

Coming soon!

### Episode 3: Chicken Dinner

Coming soon!
